aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-agreement-management"] interop-be-agreement-management
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-agreement-process"] interop-be-agreement-process
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-api-gateway"] interop-be-api-gateway
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-attribute-registry-management"] interop-be-attribute-registry-management
#aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-attributes-loader"] interop-be-attributes-loader
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-authorization-management"] interop-be-authorization-management
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-authorization-process"] interop-be-authorization-process
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-authorization-server"] interop-be-authorization-server
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-backend-for-frontend"] interop-be-backend-for-frontend
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-catalog-management"] interop-be-catalog-management
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-catalog-process"] interop-be-catalog-process
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-notifier"] interop-be-notifier
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-party-mock-registry"] interop-be-party-mock-registry
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-party-registry-proxy"] interop-be-party-registry-proxy
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-purpose-management"] interop-be-purpose-management
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-purpose-process"] interop-be-purpose-process
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-frontend"] interop-frontend
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-agreement-management"] interop-be-agreement-management
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-agreement-process"] interop-be-agreement-process
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-api-gateway"] interop-be-api-gateway
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-attribute-registry-management"] interop-be-attribute-registry-management
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-attributes-loader"] interop-be-attributes-loader
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-authorization-management"] interop-be-authorization-management
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-authorization-process"] interop-be-authorization-process
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-authorization-server"] interop-be-authorization-server
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-backend-for-frontend"] interop-be-backend-for-frontend
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-catalog-management"] interop-be-catalog-management
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-catalog-process"] interop-be-catalog-process
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-notifier"] interop-be-notifier
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-party-mock-registry"] interop-be-party-mock-registry
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-party-registry-proxy"] interop-be-party-registry-proxy
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-purpose-management"] interop-be-purpose-management
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-purpose-process"] interop-be-purpose-process
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-frontend"] interop-frontend
