aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-agreement-management"] interop-be-agreement-management
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-agreement-process"] interop-be-agreement-process
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-api-gateway"] interop-be-api-gateway
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-attribute-registry-management"] interop-be-attribute-registry-management
#aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-attributes-loader"] interop-be-attributes-loader
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-authorization-management"] interop-be-authorization-management
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-authorization-process"] interop-be-authorization-process
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-authorization-server"] interop-be-authorization-server
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-backend-for-frontend"] interop-be-backend-for-frontend
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-catalog-management"] interop-be-catalog-management
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-catalog-process"] interop-be-catalog-process
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-notifier"] interop-be-notifier
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-party-mock-registry"] interop-be-party-mock-registry
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-party-registry-proxy"] interop-be-party-registry-proxy
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-purpose-management"] interop-be-purpose-management
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-purpose-process"] interop-be-purpose-process
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-frontend"] interop-frontend
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-padigitale-report-generator"] interop-be-padigitale-report-generator
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-dashboard-metrics-report-generator"] interop-be-dashboard-metrics-report-generator
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-token-details-persister"] interop-be-token-details-persister
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-tenants-cert-attr-updater"] interop-be-tenants-cert-attr-updater
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-tenant-process"] interop-be-tenant-process
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-tenant-management"] interop-be-tenant-management
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-party-process"] interop-be-party-process
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-party-management"] interop-be-party-management
aws_ecr_repository.app["interop-be-metrics-report-generator"] interop-be-metrics-report-generator
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-agreement-management"] interop-be-agreement-management
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-agreement-process"] interop-be-agreement-process
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-api-gateway"] interop-be-api-gateway
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-attribute-registry-management"] interop-be-attribute-registry-management
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-attributes-loader"] interop-be-attributes-loader
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-authorization-management"] interop-be-authorization-management
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-authorization-process"] interop-be-authorization-process
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-authorization-server"] interop-be-authorization-server
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-backend-for-frontend"] interop-be-backend-for-frontend
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-catalog-management"] interop-be-catalog-management
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-catalog-process"] interop-be-catalog-process
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-notifier"] interop-be-notifier
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-party-mock-registry"] interop-be-party-mock-registry
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-party-registry-proxy"] interop-be-party-registry-proxy
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-purpose-management"] interop-be-purpose-management
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-purpose-process"] interop-be-purpose-process
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-frontend"] interop-frontend
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-padigitale-report-generator"] interop-be-padigitale-report-generator
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-dashboard-metrics-report-generator"] interop-be-dashboard-metrics-report-generator
aws_ecr_lifecycle_policy.app["interop-be-token-details-persister"] interop-be-dashboard-metrics-report-generator
