module.jwt_well_known_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-jwt-well-known-prod
module.jwt_well_known_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-jwt-well-known-prod,private
module.jwt_well_known_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-jwt-well-known-prod
module.jwt_well_known_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-jwt-well-known-prod

module.application_documents_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-application-documents-prod
module.application_documents_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-application-documents-prod,private
module.application_documents_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-application-documents-prod
module.application_documents_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-application-documents-prod
module.application_documents_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_server_side_encryption_configuration.this[0] interop-application-documents-prod

module.cfn_templates_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-cfn-templates-prod
module.cfn_templates_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-cfn-templates-prod,private
module.cfn_templates_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-cfn-templates-prod
module.cfn_templates_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-cfn-templates-prod

module.open_api_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-open-api-prod
module.open_api_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-open-api-prod,private
module.open_api_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-open-api-prod
module.open_api_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-open-api-prod

module.generated_jwt_details_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-generated-jwt-details-prod
module.generated_jwt_details_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-generated-jwt-details-prod,private
module.generated_jwt_details_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-generated-jwt-details-prod
module.generated_jwt_details_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-generated-jwt-details-prod
module.generated_jwt_details_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_object_lock_configuration.this[0] interop-generated-jwt-details-prod
module.generated_jwt_details_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration.this[0] interop-generated-jwt-details-prod
aws_iam_role.data_lake_tokens interop-datalake-bucket-token-prod

module.application_logs_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-application-logs-prod
module.application_logs_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-application-logs-prod,private
module.application_logs_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-application-logs-prod
module.application_logs_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-application-logs-prod
module.application_logs_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_policy.this[0] interop-application-logs-prod

module.athena_query_results_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-athena-query-results-prod
module.athena_query_results_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-athena-query-results-prod,private
module.athena_query_results_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-athena-query-results-prod
module.athena_query_results_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-athena-query-results-prod
module.athena_query_results_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration.this[0] interop-athena-query-results-prod

module.platform_metrics_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-platform-metrics-prod
module.platform_metrics_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-platform-metrics-prod,private
module.platform_metrics_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-platform-metrics-prod
module.platform_metrics_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-platform-metrics-prod
module.platform_metrics_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration.this[0] interop-platform-metrics-prod
aws_iam_role.data_lake_metrics interop-datalake-platform-metrics-prod

module.allow_list_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-allow-list-prod
module.allow_list_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-allow-list-prod,private
module.allow_list_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-allow-list-prod
module.allow_list_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-allow-list-prod

module.public_dashboards_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-public-dashboards-prod
module.public_dashboards_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-public-dashboards-prod,private
module.public_dashboards_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-public-dashboards-prod
module.public_dashboards_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-public-dashboards-prod
module.public_dashboards_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_cors_configuration.this[0] interop-public-dashboards-prod

module.probing_eservices_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-probing-eservices-prod
module.probing_eservices_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-probing-eservices-prod,private
module.probing_eservices_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-probing-eservices-prod
module.probing_eservices_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-probing-eservices-prod

module.metrics_reports_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-metrics-reports-prod
module.metrics_reports_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-metrics-reports-prod,private
module.metrics_reports_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-metrics-reports-prod
module.metrics_reports_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-metrics-reports-prod

module.interop_landing_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-landing-prod
module.interop_landing_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-landing-prod
module.interop_landing_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-landing-prod
module.interop_landing_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-landing-prod

module.public_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-prod-public
module.public_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-prod-public
module.public_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_policy.this[0] interop-prod-public
module.public_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_cors_configuration.this[0] interop-prod-public
