module.jwt_well_known_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-jwt-well-known-test
module.jwt_well_known_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-jwt-well-known-test,private
module.jwt_well_known_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-jwt-well-known-test
module.jwt_well_known_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-jwt-well-known-test

module.application_documents_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-application-documents-test
module.application_documents_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-application-documents-test,private
module.application_documents_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-application-documents-test
module.application_documents_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-application-documents-test
module.application_documents_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_server_side_encryption_configuration.this[0] interop-application-documents-test

module.cfn_templates_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-cfn-templates-test
module.cfn_templates_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-cfn-templates-test,private
module.cfn_templates_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-cfn-templates-test
module.cfn_templates_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-cfn-templates-test

module.open_api_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-open-api-test
module.open_api_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-open-api-test,private
module.open_api_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-open-api-test
module.open_api_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-open-api-test

module.generated_jwt_details_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-generated-jwt-details-test
module.generated_jwt_details_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-generated-jwt-details-test,private
module.generated_jwt_details_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-generated-jwt-details-test
module.generated_jwt_details_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-generated-jwt-details-test
module.generated_jwt_details_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_object_lock_configuration.this[0] interop-generated-jwt-details-test
module.generated_jwt_details_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration.this[0] interop-generated-jwt-details-test
aws_iam_role.data_lake_tokens interop-datalake-bucket-token-test

module.application_logs_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-application-logs-test
module.application_logs_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-application-logs-test,private
module.application_logs_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-application-logs-test
module.application_logs_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-application-logs-test
module.application_logs_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_policy.this[0] interop-application-logs-test

module.athena_query_results_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-athena-query-results-test
module.athena_query_results_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-athena-query-results-test,private
module.athena_query_results_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-athena-query-results-test
module.athena_query_results_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-athena-query-results-test
module.athena_query_results_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration.this[0] interop-athena-query-results-test

module.platform_metrics_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-platform-metrics-test
module.platform_metrics_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-platform-metrics-test,private
module.platform_metrics_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-platform-metrics-test
module.platform_metrics_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-platform-metrics-test
module.platform_metrics_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_lifecycle_configuration.this[0] interop-platform-metrics-test
aws_iam_role.data_lake_metrics interop-datalake-platform-metrics-test

module.allow_list_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-allow-list-test
module.allow_list_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-allow-list-test,private
module.allow_list_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-allow-list-test
module.allow_list_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-allow-list-test

module.public_dashboards_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-public-dashboards-test
module.public_dashboards_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-public-dashboards-test,private
module.public_dashboards_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-public-dashboards-test
module.public_dashboards_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-public-dashboards-test
module.public_dashboards_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_cors_configuration.this[0] interop-public-dashboards-test

module.probing_eservices_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-probing-eservices-test
module.probing_eservices_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-probing-eservices-test,private
module.probing_eservices_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-probing-eservices-test
module.probing_eservices_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-probing-eservices-test

module.metrics_reports_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] interop-metrics-reports-test
module.metrics_reports_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_acl.this[0] interop-metrics-reports-test,private
module.metrics_reports_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this[0] interop-metrics-reports-test
module.metrics_reports_bucket.aws_s3_bucket_versioning.this[0] interop-metrics-reports-test
